most people don't know that
archaeologists make discoveries
out of asian trash you can a lot
of information from ancient
times and you might dig
impressive building you know you
find custom architecture but you
don't find this like human
artifacts that you find normally
in a dump
I dog lots of trash from modern
20th century French deposit at
the Damascus it all including
like newspaper and French
medicine and like French flasks
crashes more revealing because
it's unintentional people don't
think two other people might
judge them from there
so remember when you're throwing
away your cash a future
archaeologists is going to dig
through it you might not realize
that something like one in 200
the world genetically related to
chickens con so he was obviously
very prolific yeah but it makes
sense because it's not just him
but it's also his sons and all
of his grandsons they would wipe
out enemies that weren't in
there any edge